What are the online store hours of operation?  
Online customer service is available Monday-Friday, 8am-5pm PST, excluding holidays. 
•  Email: SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com 
•  Phone: 1-408-955-1750 PST 
Is there a physical retail store?  
The Gear Store is located at NVIDIA corporate headquarters in Santa Clara, CA. The store is in 
the Endeavor building, on the first floor next to the Executive Business Center. 
•  Store hours are Monday-Thursday,10am-4pm PST, excluding holidays. 
•  The store is closed 1:30-2pm daily. 
•  Most items sold online, including NVIDIA electronics, are available in limited supply in-
store. 
•  Items purchased in-store can be returned to the store. 
•  For products purchased online, please email SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com for 
assistance. 
How do I change the shipping address for my online order?  
If you need to change the shipping address on your online order and the order has not yet 
shipped, please email SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-955-1750 PST. Please 
reference your order number when you call or email. 
How do I cancel my online order?  
Please contact Customer Service at SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-955-1750 
PST before 2pm PST the same business day your order is scheduled to ship. Please reference 
your order number when you call or email. 
Where can I provide feedback about NVIDIA Gear Store merchandise?  
We would love to hear your feedback and suggestions – please us at email 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com. 
What if I need to exchange an item for a different size?  
If you need a different size than what was ordered online, please contact Customer Service at 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-955-1750 PST. Please reference your order 
number when you call or email. 
 
Purchasing 
How do I pay for merchandise?  
Employees are granted Gear Store points quarterly which can be used exclusively to purchase 
NVIDIA merchandise online and in-store. Gear Stores do not accept cash or checks; we do 
accept credit card payments from Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. 
Is there sales tax on my order?  
Sales tax will be added on all U.S. orders including Puerto Rico. On international orders, the 
buyer is responsible for in-country duties and taxes. The buyer will be notified by the carrier on 
VAT/broker/accessorial fees which require the shipper to pay prior to order delivery (rules vary 
by country). 
Can I place a preorder online?  
Preorders are available on select items. 
Can I order in bulk shipments?  
Bulk orders are for business purposes only and not intended for resale. Ordering items in bulk for 
personal use is not allowed. All bulk orders must be charged through a cost center and submitted 
via a Purchase Requisition (PR) through Coupa or NVIDIA IBR. Contact Customer Service at 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-955-1750 PST to obtain a shipping quote prior 
to submitting a PR. 
Can I purchase electronics online or in-store?  
Select NVIDIA electronics can be purchased online and in-store with points. Gear Store GPUs 
get a 10% discount off the retail price. Employees are limited to purchasing one unit per sku over 
a lifetime. The Gear Store GPU offering is an employee benefits and cannot be resold. For all 
questions related to electronics, please contact NVIDIA Customer Care team directly at 
NVCC@nvidia.com. 
How do I order the new holiday sweater? 
If you missed the presale event, we’ve ordered a few hundred extra units, just in case. If you 
want one, jump on it - these are limited editions, so when they’re gone, they’re gone. 
We are excited to outfit everyone in your extended circle this year across three sizes in Adult 
Unisex, Youth, and Pet. 
Our sweaters are made of 100% Acrylic yarn. 
  
Shipping & Handling 
Are more flat/bulk rate global events planned?  
We're working hard to make shipping more affordable and convenient for our employees around 
the world. 
There are no upcoming $5 flat rate shipping events but keep an eye on your email, as this is 
where we'll share any future information on shipping improvements. Thank you for your 
patience while we work to improve the Gear Store. 
When will my online order ship?  
Orders placed and fulfilled before Noon PST, ship the same business day. After Noon PST, the 
order will ship the next business day. 
Is there Will Call (pick-up at the HALO distribution center)? 
For U.S. customers selecting "will call" at check out, the pickup location is HALO’s distribution 
center at 1943 Lundy Avenue, San Jose, CA. Pickup times are Monday-Friday from 9:00am-
11:00am and 1:00pm-3:00pm PST, excluding holidays. Halo Customer Service will contact you 
in advance with more details on the will call pick up process. 
What day is the free weekly courier?  
We offer a free weekly courier that delivers to NVIDIA’s Receiving Department for the Santa 
Clara campus every Wednesday. Orders must be placed by Tuesday before Noon PST, for a 
Wednesday campus courier delivery. The Receiving Department will deliver orders to employee 
desks within 24 hours. 
If you don’t have an assigned desk on campus, NVIDIA’s Receiving Department will reach out 
to request a location for order delivery (such as a colleague’s desk). Orders cannot be delivered 
to building communal areas, reception, or Flex Desks. You can also pick up orders from 
NVIDIA’s Will Call warehouse located at 2530 Zanker Road, San Jose, CA, 95131. Currently, 
there are no Will Call options for employees visiting the Santa Clara campus. 
Can I order items online and have them shipped to a different address?  
Online orders can ship to different addresses just enter the ship-to name and address in the 
address field. In case it is a gift, no prices or billing information will appear on the packing slip. 
Gift wrap is currently not offered. 
When will I receive confirmation for my online order?  
Immediately upon placing your order, you will receive email confirmation with the order details. 
Shipment confirmations will be sent at the end of the shipping business day with the tracking 
information. 
When tracking the order, if the shipment shows “delivered”, but the recipient has not received 
the order, please contact Customer Service at SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-
955-1750 PST immediately. We may not be able to replace or credit your order if we are not 
notified within 10 days of your ship date. 
Does the NVIDIA Gear Store ship internationally?  
The Gear Store supports international order shipping. FedEx provides the best tracking and 
customs clearance. If you would like to ship to a country not listed on the checkout page, please 
contact Customer Service by email at SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or by phone 1-408-
955-1750 PST for additional international shipping options and information. 
On international orders, the buyer is responsible for in-country duties and taxes. The buyer will 
be notified by the carrier on VAT/broker/accessorial fees which require the shipper to pay prior 
to order delivery (rules vary by country). For EMEA orders, personal email address and ship-to 
address must be used due to VAT and custom clearance regulations. 
We have placed a hold on shipments to countries such as China and Russia because the import 
restrictions have made it too difficult to get our goods into these countries. If you would like 
more information on our international shipping policies, please email 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com. 
•  Ancillary Clearance Service Fees 
If additional or special processing is required by a local regulatory agency, ancillary fees 
may be incurred. These fees, which are subject to change, vary per country/territory, and 
may be applied and invoiced to the shipper, consignee, or third party. Additional 
information can be found at FedEx ancillary clearance service fees. 
•  Exportation/Importation 
It is important to HALO that our customer’s orders are received on time and are 
committed to making every effort to get your merchandise from their facility to the 
shipping address entered on the order, whether inside or outside the U.S. 
For orders shipped outside the U.S., the recipient is considered the Importer of Record 
(IOR) and may be contacted for clearance instructions. We know that many countries 
outside of the U.S. have import restrictions for promotional merchandise and gifts. 
At times the merchandise can get held up in customs; reasons are varied and can change 
without notice, even if accurate product documentation is provided. If you would like 
more information on our international shipping policies, please email 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com. 
•  Redistribution 
Most of the Gear Store merchandise is produced outside of the U.S. Many of these goods 
that have been imported into the U.S. cannot be easily exported to other countries or re-
shipped a second time once our customers initially receive them. 
We highly recommend that you check with the carrier or freight forwarder to confirm 
foreign documentation requirements if you seek to re-ship goods purchased through our 
U.S. store(s). 
Please know HALO is a distributor (not the manufacturer) of goods and therefore will not 
have access to any supplier information. 
Who pays for the shipping costs?  
U.S. employees pay the shipping costs. Gear Store points can be used to pay for shipping fees. 
For International employees, if you place a U.S. order for shipment outside of the United States, 
you are responsible for payment of all applicable fees. These charges will be added to your order 
total at check out and/or the purchaser will be notified by the carrier on VAT/broker/accessorial 
fees which must be paid prior to order delivery (rules vary by country). 
How do I find out the status of my order and tracking information?  
Order status can be viewed online under your account. All shipment confirmations with tracking 
numbers are sent via email at end of the business day once order has shipped. 
Returns & Warranty 
How do I request a refund or exchange?  
Returns are accepted for items in new, unused condition with applicable tags attached. Returns 
cannot be accepted without an RMA#, which is provided by Customer Service in advance. 
Please contact Customer Service via email SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-
955-1750 PST. Reference your order number when you call or email and keep all tracking 
information for your refund or exchange, as we are not responsible for lost returns. 
What do I do if an item is missing or my order is incorrect?  
Please contact Customer Service via email SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-
955-1750 PST. Please have your order number ready when you call or email. 
How do I make a return in the U.S.?  
Item(s) may be eligible for return within 30 days from the day the order was placed. Item(s) to be 
returned are at the customer’s expense. We suggest using UPS or FedEx due to their tracking 
capabilities. We are not responsible for returns that are lost in transit. Allow 10 business days 
from the date your package is delivered to us for your product credit to be processed. It may take 
longer than normal to process during peak times (holidays, sales, special events, etc.). The 
original method of payment used during online check-out will be credited. 
How do I make an international return?  
Item(s) can be returned at the customer’s expense within 60 days from the day order was placed 
and will receive product credit back on the account used at checkout. The customer is 
responsible for all return expenses, including shipping, duties, and taxes. We suggest using your 
country’s postal service for the return. If the item(s) arrived damaged or defective (see below). 
Please contact Customer Service via email SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-
955-1750 PST. 
My order item shipped damaged or is defective.  
Please contact Customer Service immediately to report damaged or defective items* via email at 
SV.CustomerService1@HALO.com or call 1-408-955-1750 PST. 
My package is lost/missing.  
You will receive an email shipping notification the day your order ships. Please track your order 
and report a lost package to Customer Service within 5 days of the delivery date shown on the 
carrier site (if not received at the specified ship-to address) or non-delivery of the order*. 
* After 5 days of delivery, carriers no longer accept claims. If you wait beyond this period to 
inform us, we cannot be held responsible for lost or damaged shipments, and you may not 
receive credit or replacement. If the carrier provides proof of delivery to correct address, it may 
indicate that the package(s) was stolen. We are not responsible for stolen merchandise after 
delivery, so we strongly recommend that you ship to a secure location. 
Can I return clearance items?  
Please note that clearance items and seasonal promotional items may not be eligible for return. 
Where can I find warranty information on NVIDIA branded products?  
For warranty information, please visit warranty information. 
NVIDIA branded electronics have a 30-day money back guarantee. Any defective product 
(purchased online or at the Endeavor Gear Store) can be exchanged or refunded by contacting 
Customer Service for assistance within 30 days of purchase. After 30 days, customers should 
contact the NVIDIA Customer Care Team (NVCC) at NVCC@nvidia.com 
Do GPUs have warranty service?  
NVIDIA GeForce cards have a manufacturer’s warranty for three years from date of purchase